Update README with additional details for startup (#22)
perses/mcp-server: README.md

percli login <PERSES_SERVER_URL>
```

For example, `percli login https://demo.perses.dev`. 

Or `percli login http://localhost:8080` if you are running [perses/perses](https://github.com/perses/perses) locally from the source code or from the perses image. 

2. After successful login, retrieve your token:
```bash
percli whoami --show-token
```
Copy the token to use in your MCP server configuration.

> **WARNING: Tokens will expire in 15 minutes by default.** To extend this you can edit the configuration `access_token_ttl` in the [perses/perses](https://github.com/perses/perses) source code and then restart the backend or rebuild the docker image. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**WARNING: Your login will automatically expire in 15 minutes**. If you want to extend the token duration, you can change the `access_token_ttl` setting in the Perses app [configuration](https://perses.dev/perses/docs/configuration/configuration/?h=configu), then restart the app (if running locally) or rebuild the Docker image.
```

  }
}
```
For example, it may looks something this like:

```json
{
  "mcpServers": {
    "perses-mcp": {
      "command": "/Users/user-bob/mcp-server/bin/mcp-server",
      "args": ["--perses-server-url", "https://demo.perses.dev"],
      "env": {
        "PERSES_TOKEN": "1234567890123456789012345678901234567890"
      }
    }
  }
}

> ```

Author: Yeah, I was trying to be more explicit and fill in the blanks for `<ABSOLUTE_PATH_TO_PERSES_MCP_BINARY>`, `<PERSES_SERVER_URL>`, and `<PERSES_TOKEN>`. 

But if this makes the docs confusing we can remove it! It might be excessive.

> ```

Reviewer: I think it might be excessive. If it is okay with you, can we remove it for now? We can add again later if others complain. 😅

> 

Reviewer: Is this a duplicate of https://github.com/zhuje/mcp-server/blob/5c87b80da0ac362b2bf3d66401c8d12bb43fba2c/README.md?plain=1#L81-L95
